(ominous music)
[crowd] YH-W-A-CH...
YH-W-A-CH...
("STARS" by w.o.d)
(singing in Japanese)
-("STARS" by w.o.d)
-(singing in Japanese)
[Ichibe] Ichigo Kurosaki!
As I'm sure you're
already well aware,
the Soul Society has
suffered heavy damage.
How incredibly pathetic.
A thousand years of peace
have caused the Soul
Reapers to become weak.
And squad zero did nothing
but sit back and watch.
[Ichibe] That is simply a
part of our duty, to watch.
It is also a part of our
duty to train you, Ichigo,
because the Quincies
are bound to come again
and in the near future too.
I know.
Thank you for all your help.
Where do you think
you're going?
Where do you think?
To the Soul society.
I need to get back
there before they do.
[Ichibe] Are you really
that eager to die?
Huh?
The way things stand now,
I'm afraid you don't stand
a chance against Yhwach.
(dramatic music)
Everyone raise your crosses.
Salute his majesty, Yhwach!
Stern Ritters, I
see you're all here.
A thousand years ago, we
suffered a savage attack.
We Quincies were viciously
set upon by the Soul Reapers.
In that assault, we lost
many of our comrades
and our very existence
was threatened.
We survived by hiding
in the Schatten Bereich.
We endured extreme humiliation
and we waited a thousand years,
but very soon the final
battle will commence.
The time has now come.
We will destroy
the Soul Society,
annihilate the Soul Reapers
and reinstate the
honor of the Quincies.
But before that battle begins,
I have an announcement to make.
Step forth.
What the hell?
Who is that guy?
[Giselle] What?
This is Uryu Ishida.
He is the last surviving
Quincy in this entire world,
and hereby, I decree that
he shall officially be named
as my successor.
(gasp)
But why him?
His majesty successor.
What? Seriously that guy.
(laugh)
What is going on here, Jugo.
[Yhawach] There will
be no objections.
I won't stand for it.
There is also no need for
any concern whatsoever.
In the battles that
are soon to come,
all of you will quickly learn
firsthand of his powers.
That is all.
(door slams)
Ugh, this makes no sense.
Hey, you.
Yes.
I'm in a bad mood, so
come to my room right now.
Uh, It would be my honor.
[quincy screams]
[Candice] Ah come on.
Look at the mess
you made again, really?
[Giselle] Classic Bambi.
At least I kept his mess inside.
[Candice] In or out, who cares?
Look, you really
need to do something
about your urge to kill hot guys
whenever you get pissed off.
Whatever. What do you want?
[Lilitoto] Bazz-B is
still spouting off
and causing a big
commotion over there.
[Candice] Why not join him?
You must be pretty
pissed too, right?
Not really. So stupid.
I just don't get it. Who
the hell is that guy?
Can someone explain to
me what is going on?
Just who do you think
is gonna explain it?
[BG9] If anyone, only
his majesty could.
What could we possibly
explain anyway?
It's the first time
any of us are hearing
about a successor rooster head.
Maybe his majesty doesn't
have long to live.
[Giselle] Hey, Candy, why
don't you go make a move
on that successor boy.
What?
Listen, stop treating me
like some kind of a slut.
Right, because
you're totally not.
You bitch.
Damn it. I refuse
to accept this.
[Jugram] Where are
you going, Bazz-B?
The real question is why
aren't you going anywhere?
You know, I was
under the impression
that you were his
Majesty's successor.
If you were, nearly all of the
Ritters would've accepted it
without any complaint at all.
Yet, you don't seem to care
about any of this stuff.
His majesty's word
is everything,
and that means there is no
room at all for me to object.
[Bazz-B] Argh, you've
become a coward.
You disappoint me.
Since that's the case, you
should just give up your seat.
If you don't care about letting
some newcomer take it from you,
then I might as well have it.
I suggest you calm down.
What's that?
Come on. I'm totally calm.
Way more than you, you know.
(Both gasp)
(clapping)
[Nakk Le Varr] You're right.
It's clear that you're calm.
You didn't rush in
head first this time.
Yes, I can tell that
you're very calm indeed.
Nakk Le Vaar, what do
you think you're doing?
I was trying to save
you. Fighting's no good.
Look, just let it
go. The both of you.
There's nothing at all to
gain by fighting like this.
In fact, it can be toxic
for someone like you,
but you already know that, isn't
that right, future Emperor?
(blood drip echos)
(blood dripping)
[Uryu] Before the ritual,
there is something that
I would like to ask you.
[Yhwach] Yes.
Why me? Why was I chosen
as your successor?
You are questioning it?
I'm sure if you just
give it a little thought,
the reason why I'm choosing
you as my successor
should become
completely obvious.
You can't ask why.
Then let me ask,
Uryu tell me this.
Why are you still alive?
(eerie music)
[Yhwach] I believe
that you already know
you're the one out of all the
Quincies throughout history,
you are the only one who
was ever able to survive
the Ausw ählen, and
not by accident.
There's a reason you
survived that day.
[Uryu] From the day
I lost my mother,
I've been wondering why did
she die while I survived?
What was my purpose to be?
The answer was in my
grandfather's diary.
I have heard your
majesty's words
and I've confirmed
them all to be true.
I have accepted that
Quincies and Soul Reapers
will never get along,
and also who I really am.
That's why
I severed every one of
my ties to come here
so that I could bury
the Soul Reapers.
[Yhwach] Join me
by my side, Uryu
and I shall reveal
your future to you.
Yes, your majesty.
(ominous music)
That completes the ritual,
and soon your
powers will awaken.
I bestow the shrift upon you.
It shall begin with the same
letter as mine, the letter A.
(soft music)
Wow. Quite a reaction.
[Orihime] Boy,
it sure was a long way
to get to this Negal Ruin.
Well, it looks like
she got there safely.
That's good news.
I guess I'm the one who needs
more time to wrap things up.
Kisuke said he'll be
monitoring everything via Pero,
but he didn't come to my aid
even when I was in real danger.
I see. Let's get
started on our training.
I'm afraid we don't have
very much time left.
[Orihime] Yeah, you're right.
You know, I wonder
how Ichigo's doing.
[Ichibe] Ichigo,
you aren't going to be
able to defeat Yhwach
in the state you're currently in
I'll surpass anything you
want. That's why I'm here.
You can hone your Zanpakuto
skills all you want,
but even if you do, you'll
still only be a Soul Reaper.
(gasp)
(growls)
And what's this for?
[Ichibe] Let's begin, shall we?
(wind blows)
[Ichibe] This is a sacred place.
We are not allowed
to enter into it
without the permission
of the Soul King.
The Soul King.
[Ichibe] Now, I shall test
you to see if you're worthy
to surpass what it means
to be a Soul Reaper.
[Shunsui] I hope things are
going well for Ichigo.
Are you feeling worried, sir?
It's just that that
man is very cunning.
I mean, he did take Ichigo,
but who knows
whether he is acting
in the best interest
of the Seireitei?
Uh.
Oh, sorry. My bad.
Forget I said anything.
[Shunsui] I say let's
just do what we can here.
[Nanao] Right.
-[Shinji] Like I said,
-(bright music)
this isn't an order.
Come on, I'm standing
here with my head hung low
begging for your help.
Head hung, yeah, right.
I can tell even over the phone
you're not bowing
your head one bit.
[Shinji] Huh? Huh?
What was that?
Anyway, look, I'm, I'm
counting on you, okay.
You're the only one
who can do this.
How does it feel to
be the chosen one?
It feels pretty great right?
Okay, bye.
-Hey, don't just hang up on me!
-Uh, Hiyori,
there's a package
that's just arrived here
from the Soul Society.
That was fast.
Wait they can deliver
down here to our outpost.
There are a couple of
names listed as the sender.
Shinji Hirako and
Mayuri Kurotsuchi.
(groan) Okay, fine. I'll do it.
We're forming the
'Fixing the Huge
Pain-In-The-Butt Distortion
Between the World of the Living
and the Soul Society' crew!
What do you mean forming?
So we gotta join them too.
[Hiyori] Yeah, of
course, you dumbass.
(sweat dripping)
(bells ring)
(Both gasp)
Man, that is seriously tough.
Nonsense.
What's so tough about
simply standing still
and facing each other?
Hey, come on.
This kind of thing
doesn't suit me.
I'm not good at being still
or pointing a blade
toward an ally.
It's not like it suits me
because it doesn't at all.
Yes, Rukia here.
Yes.
What? Really?
Yes, sir.
[Renji] Who is it?
That was Sir Kirinji.
He just told me that my
brother has recovered.
[Tenjiro] That was
quite a long bath.
You're the first to soak
in my hot spring this long.
How are you feeling
after all that?
I mean, it's really
pretty hot in there.
Did the heat go to
your head at all?
[Byakuya] No need to worry.
I'm aware my powers
are too feeble
for anything to go to my head.
Now that I've survived, I need
to gain a power strong enough
that I can let it go to my head.
(smirk)
[Renji] No way, he recovered?
Oh, thank goodness.
(laughs) Oh my, you two
have become quite chatty.
When you first got here,
you two could barely move.
You spent the entire time
crouched on the floor
but just look at
how far you've come.
What do you say?
The two of you want to go
and start training with
me in the back room now?
-Yes.
[Tatsuki] Ichigo?
[Keigo] I just thought that
maybe you might have some idea
of where he is right now.
How would I possibly know that?
Guess I'll take that as a no.
Chad, Orihime, Uryu,
they're not around either.
It must have something to
do with the Soul Society.
[Shunsui] Sorry to butt in.
Who are you?
[Mizuiro] Wait, you're the
captain of Squad 8, right?
Well, I don't recall
introducing myself to you
but I'm flattered
you remember me.
[Mizuiro] Well, how
can we help you?
For a captain to come out here
it must be something
serious, right?
[Shunsui] Yes, indeed.
I've come here today
because there's something that
I need to tell all of you.
It's about saying
goodbye to Ichigo.
-(all gasp)
-(dramatic music)
What do you mean saying goodbye?
What have you gotten him
mixed up in this time, huh?
Hey, Keigo.
That's hard to say.
(kids gasp)
As you've apparently
already surmised,
at this very moment
Ichigo is with us
working hard to protect
the Soul Society.
The place where he is right
now is somewhere special,
even within the Soul Society.
Knowing him, I'm
sure he'll be able
to return from there safely.
What I'm really worried about
is that I have no way of knowing
exactly what kind of power he
is going to come back with.
And why would that be a problem?
Well, depending on the
type of power that it is,
it may end up affecting
the world of the living.
If that's the case,
we won't be able to allow him
to come back to your world.
Oh yeah, sure. That's
easy for you to say.
Ichigo went to the Soul
Society for you guys
and you'd lock him up there
because you say that it's better
for the world of the living.
If that happens, then yes.
You son of a-
[Mizuiro] This is
hypothetical, right?
You're only talking
about what might happen
but what are the chances?
[Shunsui] The odds are one
in 10,000, maybe even less.
We're merely considering it
as one of the many
conceivable outcomes
that could possibly occur.
Even though it's unlikely,
you came here just to tell us.
If we kept Ichigo's
friends in the dark
even about something
that's this improbable
would you truly say that
we're doing right by him?
(gasp)
[Shunsui] And so,
here you go.
(all gasp)
(soft music)
What is this?
[Shunsui] Those are
called soul tickets.
They're passes that'll allow
you to enter the Soul Society
to go see Ichigo should the
worst case scenario ever occur.
Now don't look so sad.
It's not like it's going to
happen today or tomorrow.
It's still a ways down the road.
[Chad] Are you feeling
tired, Orihime.
What do you say?
Should we just call
it a day then?
I'm good. I was just
thinking how peaceful it is.
Peaceful?
You know the enemy may come to
attack at any moment, right?
Yes, I suppose that is true
but I never thought
we could spend time
in Hueco Mundo like this,
where we have the chance
to help the Arrancars
or that we get to train together
so we can save the Soul Reapers.
I have to say, it
feels kind of nice.
I really wish this could go
on for as long as possible,
to continue helping one another
and to respect
each other's worlds
so that we can all say,
there really wasn't any
fight to begin with.
(child laughing)
(ticking)
(dramatic music)
No way. What just happened?
Hold on. What is this place?
[Hiyosu] The instruments,
they're all going wild.
What is going on here?
I don't believe it.
How could, but how could
this even be possible?
The Seireitei, it's gone.
[Yhwach] The invasion
is complete.
Uryu, tell me something,
are you familiar with
the Kaiser Gesang?
Yes.
The confined Quincy
King regains his pulse
after 900 years,
his mind, after 90 years,
his strength after nine years.
There's even more to the
song than that, though.
The full song goes,
the confined Quincy King regains
his pulse after 900 years,
his mind after 90 years,
his strength after nine years
and the world
(smirk)
[Yhwach] in nine days.
Uryu, Haschwalth, let's go.
These are the last
nine days of the world.
("Endroll" by Yoh Kamiyama)
(singing in Japanese)
[Rangiku] Freezing ice
created from synergy.
Quells the impatience
of his burning blade.
-("Endroll" by Yoh Kamiyama)
-(singing in Japanese)